an elderly woman who struck and killed a
cab driver of the Victoria airport was
in court in Victoria today for
sentencing it was last July that 82 year
old Shirley's urban lost control of her
car she ran over a group of cavities who
were playing cards on their lunch break
six of the drivers were injured and one
of them died of his injuries Rama Sharma
sentencing brings some closure for his
family but for everyone involved this
accident has changed their lives forever
CTV's Aaron glazier reports this was the
devastating scene a Victoria
International Airport on July 29th 2011
after Shirley's urban's white sedan
careened across the parking lot jumped a
curb and plowed through a picnic table
full of cab drivers in 57 year old Rama
Sharma a father of three was killed he
sacrificed his whole life so that we
could have the lives that we have today
and we're grateful for that he was just
there for me all the time cuddle with
him and watch TV kind of a thing
investigators say the crash was caused
by zubin mistakenly pressing the gas
pedal instead of the brake police say
the car was traveling at around 78 km/h
when it hit the unsuspecting men and was
stopped only when it crashed into a
concrete barrier several metres away
last week the 82 year old driver pled
guilty to driving without due care and
attention today she learned her fate the
judge handed down a $1,500 fine and a
three-year driving van durbin's defense
lawyer says she will never get behind
the wheel again it wasn't about the
sentence
she was uh she wasn't tried as a
criminal she's try the Motor Vehicle Act
so I'm we understand that as a family
was society gonna get out of putting in
an 82 year old in jail you know she's at
the end of her days already and I know
she's going through a lot as well to
it's not easy for someone to go through
that durban did stand prior to
sentencing and directly address the
sharma family apologizing for her
actions and the extent to which they
have impacted the family even though it
doesn't change anything it did obviously
does not fix anything of course but it's
nice to have an apology knowing she's
sorry something we're never going to
forget but something we need this day
was something that we needed the other
cabbies who were injured in the crash
say they have been too distraught to
return to work we also call me and tell
me stories all my dad and talk about him
and they'll be crying on the phone and
you know tell him how they have a hard
time even driving by my house because
they think of him all the time Durbin's
days in court are not over she now faces
nine civil suits Erin glazier tickity
news Victoria